#summary Summary of the IRC meeting held on July 19, 2008
#labels Audience-Developers

= Participants =

  * Abel Mui√±o
  * Allan Ramirez
  * Jake Pezaro
  * Erle Mantos

= Topic =

== Times and Dates for IRC meetings ==

  * Times should  "rotate" so timezones are right for people in just 2 locations (America & Europe, Europe & Asia, Asia & America)

== Releasing 0.8.0 ==

  * Wait for all "significant contributions" to be merged (currently XML editing and synchronization code in [http://code.google.com/p/q4e/source/browse/branches/forms-xml-editor-sync/ the forms-xml-editor-sync branch] )
  * Sumbit of CQ's to eclipse for review is currently broken (see [https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=240999 issue 240999]) 

== Performance ==
 Some problems with the perceived and real performsnce
 * Workspace locking
 * Work done by the incremental builder
 * Cleaning the embedder

Lines of work:
 * Don't lock the workspace, lock on maven embedder instead: [http://code.google.com/p/q4e/issues/detail?id=509 Issue 509]
 * Set up a performance regression test: [http://code.google.com/p/q4e/issues/detail?id=509 Issue 510]
 * Develop a pom diff generator to optimize the processing of changes: [http://code.google.com/p/q4e/issues/detail?id=508 Issue 508]